docker image update (#4480)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/run-azure-cli-docker.md

You can use Docker to run a standalone Linux container with the Azure CLI preinstalled. Docker gets you started quickly with an isolated environment to run the CLI in. The image can also be used as a base for your own deployments.

With the release of Azure CLI [version 2.54.0](./release-notes-azure-cli.md#november-14-2023), the size of the Docker image of `azure-cli` was reduced from 1.1 GB to 700 MB! This reduction was a 36.3% decrease resulting in improved download speed and faster startup.

> [!WARNING]

> > Azure CLI 2.63.0, to be released in July 2024, is the last version based on the Alpine 10 image. Microsoft isn't providing additional updates or bug fixes for this image. Consider migrating to the Azure Linux based image for the Azure CLI, which is fully supported.

Reviewer: There is no "Alpine 10".

> > Azure CLI 2.63.0, to be released in July 2024, is the last version based on the Alpine 10 image. Microsoft isn't providing additional updates or bug fixes for this image. Consider migrating to the Azure Linux based image for the Azure CLI, which is fully supported.

Author: @dcaro, The current version of Linux Alpine is [3.20.2](https://alpinelinux.org/downloads/), so I'm not sure where `10` comes into the pictures; consequently, I removed it.

> > Azure CLI 2.63.0, to be released in July 2024, is the last version based on the Alpine 10 image. Microsoft isn't providing additional updates or bug fixes for this image. Consider migrating to the Azure Linux based image for the Azure CLI, which is fully supported.

Reviewer 2: It is a typo, we use Alpine 3.20

## Start the Docker container with Azure CLI preinstalled

> Open a command prompt and then start the Docker container with Azure CLI preinstalled. Always use a tag name when running the Azure CLI and do not rely on `latest`, which is the default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open a command prompt and start the Docker container with Azure CLI preinstalled using the following command. When used in a pipeline, it is recommended to use a deterministic tag name (for example `cbl-mariner2.0`)
```

To run a specific version of the Azure CLI in the Docker container, use this command:

**Discussion point #3:** Need link from engineering. How does the customer combine a tag with a specific azCLI version?

> 

Reviewer 3: You can find all tags here: https://mcr.microsoft.com/en-us/product/azure-cli/tags. So the command looks like:

```
docker pull mcr.microsoft.com/azure-cli:2.62.0-cbl-mariner2.0
```
